README.md, before:

# React Three Fiber Learning
### React + TypeScript + Vite + ESLint

Welcome to react-three-fiber-learning, a project aimed at exploring the world of 3D graphics in React using react-three-fiber. This scaffold is powered by Vite, employs react-swc for faster compilation, and is typed with TypeScript. Dive in to discover how to create compelling, interactive 3D web experiences."

### Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**:  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/YassineGherbi/react-three-fiber-learning.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**:  
   ```sh
   cd react-three-fiber-learning
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:  
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the Project**:  
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

For development, the command \`npm run dev\` will start the Vite server.

#### Additional Scripts:

- **Build**: ```npm run build```` 
  This runs TypeScript compiler followed by Vite's build command.

- **Lint**: ```npm run lint ```  
  Checks your TypeScript files for linting errors.

- **Preview**: ```npm run preview```  
  Preview the production build locally.

## Features
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) as the UI library
- [react-three-fiber](https://github.com/pmndrs/react-three-fiber/) as the 3D library
- [react-swc](https://swc.rs/docs/configuration/compilation/) as the compiler
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) as the language
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) as the bundler
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) as the linter
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) as the code formatter

Commit message:

docs: add explanation for importing assets

README.md, after:

# React Three Fiber Learning
### React + TypeScript + Vite + ESLint

Welcome to react-three-fiber-learning, a project aimed at exploring the world of 3D graphics in React using react-three-fiber. This scaffold is powered by Vite, employs react-swc for faster compilation, and is typed with TypeScript. Dive in to discover how to create compelling, interactive 3D web experiences."

### Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**:  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/YassineGherbi/react-three-fiber-learning.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**:  
   ```sh
   cd react-three-fiber-learning
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:  
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the Project**:  
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

For development, the command \`npm run dev\` will start the Vite server.

#### Additional Scripts:

- **Build**: ```npm run build```` 
  This runs TypeScript compiler followed by Vite's build command.

- **Lint**: ```npm run lint ```  
  Checks your TypeScript files for linting errors.

- **Preview**: ```npm run preview```  
  Preview the production build locally.

## Importing Assets

To import from the `public` folder, use the following syntax:

```tsx
import viteLogo from '/vite.svg'
```

And to import from the `src` folder, in this case from the `assets` folder inside `src`, use the following syntax:

```tsx
import reactLogo from './assets/react.svg'
```

## Features
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) as the UI library
- [react-three-fiber](https://github.com/pmndrs/react-three-fiber/) as the 3D library
- [react-swc](https://swc.rs/docs/configuration/compilation/) as the compiler
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) as the language
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) as the bundler
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) as the linter
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) as the code formatter
